marketing_marketing_ban_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/marketing/marketing_ban/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_agreement_type_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/insurance/agreement_type/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_laina_decision_data_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/laina_decision_data/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_insurance_details_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/insurance/insurance_details/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_campaign_bing_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/campaign_bing/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_insurance_product_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/insurance/insurance_product/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_history_type_priority_level_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/insurance/history_type_priority_level/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_insurance_response_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/insurance/insurance_response/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_campaign_whitelabel_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/campaign_whitelabel/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_campaign_bing_sent_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/campaign_bing_sent/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
marketing_applicant_business_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/marketing/applicant_business/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
marketing_applicant_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/marketing/applicant/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_laina_yv_candidate_loans_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/laina_yv_candidate_loans/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_company_external_id_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/company_external_id/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_person_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/insurance/person/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_insurance_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/insurance/insurance/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_log_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/insurance/log/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_laina_kieltolista_sms_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/laina_kieltolista_sms/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_laina_tags_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/laina_tags/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_person_identify_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/insurance/person_identify/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_laina_brands_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/laina_brands/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
crm_user_roles_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/crm/user_roles/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_laina_tag_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/laina_tag/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_laina_outpayment_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/laina_outpayment/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_history_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/insurance/history/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_laina_bankinfo_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/laina_bankinfo/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
marketing_marketing_outpayment_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/marketing/marketing_outpayment/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_company_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/company/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_citizenShip_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/citizenShip/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_company_types_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/company_types/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_laina_decision_history_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/laina_decision_history/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_laina_rahoistuspaatos_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/laina_rahoistuspaatos/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_campaigninfo_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/campaigninfo/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_loan_refinance_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/loan_refinance/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
crm_user_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/crm/user/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_laina_send_queue_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/laina_send_queue/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_agreement_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/insurance/agreement/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_customer_preferences_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/customer_preferences/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_application_page_origin_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/application_page_origin/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_laina_companyinfo_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/laina_companyinfo/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_application_ispep_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/application_ispep/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_campaign_groups_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/campaign_groups/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_postal_code_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/insurance/postal_code/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_person_information_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/insurance/person_information/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_loan_application_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/loan_application/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_laina_gallup_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/laina_gallup/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_campaign_facebook_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/campaign_facebook/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_loan_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/loan/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_laina_workinfo_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/laina_workinfo/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_history_details_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/insurance/history_details/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_customer_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/customer/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_incomplete_applications_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/ongage/incomplete_applications.csv,0,CSV, None 
rahalaitos_all_customers_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/ongage/AllConsumerContacts.export.1716953250.1675162775.csv,0,CSV, None 
insurance_insurance_language_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/insurance/insurance_language/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_laina_yv_candidateinfo_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/laina_yv_candidateinfo/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_insurance_status_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/insurance/insurance_status/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_laina_orders_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/laina_orders/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_insurance_application_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/insurance/insurance_application/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_campaign_affiliate_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/campaign_affiliate/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_loan_details_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/loan_details/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_company_type_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/company_type/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_history_type_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/insurance/history_type/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_marketing_email_temp_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/marketing_email_temp/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_laina_login_persons_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/laina_login_persons/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_laina_contactinfo_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/laina_contactinfo/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_insurance_personal_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/insurance/insurance_personal/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_person_agent_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/insurance/person_agent/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_history_user_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/insurance/history_user/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
crm_role_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/crm/role/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_campaign_google_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/campaign_google/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_laina_loanorg_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/laina_loanorg/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_laina_gallup_fields_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/laina_gallup_fields/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_laina_adservicemedia_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/laina_adservicemedia/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_laina_businessinfo_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/laina_businessinfo/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_insurance_gender_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/insurance/insurance_gender/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_campaign_defaults_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/campaign_defaults/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_campaign_groups_name_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/campaign_groups_name/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_laina_generalinfo_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/laina_generalinfo/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
marketing_external_marketing_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/marketing/external_marketing/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_insurance_sent_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/insurance/insurance_sent/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_laina_decision_data_types_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/laina_decision_data_types/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_loan_applicant_type_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/loan_applicant_type/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_loan_type_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/loan_type/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_customer_counter_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/customer_counter/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
rahalaitos_marketing_sms_temp_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/rahalaitos/marketing_sms_temp/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_history_username_raha_r,gs://sambla-group-rahalaitos-integration-legacy/tables/insurance/history_username/*,0,NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
