applications_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/production_clean/APPLICATIONS/*.json.gz,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
payment_insurance_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/insurances/gjensidige/payment_insurances/*.gz,0, CSV, þ 
insurance_repayments_mutual_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/insurances/gjensidige/repayments/*,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
tags_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/production_clean/TRACKING_TAGS/*.json.gz,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
invites_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/production_clean/INVITES/*.json.gz,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_partners_mdn_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/insurances/mdn_integration/CI__PARTNERS/*.json.gz,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
subscription_month_invoice_items_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/subscription_month_invoice_items/*,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_invoice_lines_mutual_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/insurances/gjensidige/invoices_lines/*.json.gz,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
payments_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/insurances/gjensidige/payments/*.gz,0, CSV, þ 
insurance_payment_insurances_mutual_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/insurances/gjensidige/payment_insurances/*.json.gz,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_policy_products_mdn_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/insurances/mdn_integration/PO__POLICY_PRODUCTS/*.json.gz,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
invoices_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/invoices/*,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_invoices_mutual_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/insurances/gjensidige/invoices/*,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_insurance_invoices_mutual_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/insurances/gjensidige/insurance_invoices/*,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_cancellations_mdn_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/insurances/mdn_integration/PO__AUTO_CANCELLATIONS/*.json.gz,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
payment_insurance_levels_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/insurances/gjensidige/payment_insurance_levels/*.gz,0, CSV, þ 
pageviews_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/production_clean/TRACKING_PAGEVIEWS/*.json.gz,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
credit_report_groups_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/credit_report_groups/*.json.gz,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_invoice_items_mutual_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/insurances/gjensidige/invoice_items/*.json.gz,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
interactions_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/production_clean/TRACKING_INTERACTIONS/*.json.gz,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
credit_report_group_items_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/credit_report_group_items/*.json.gz,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
bids_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/production_clean/BIDS/*.json.gz,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
people_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/production_clean/PEOPLE/*.json.gz,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
creditors_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/production_clean/CREDITORS/*.json.gz,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_customers_mdn_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/insurances/mdn_integration/PO__CUSTOMERS/*,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_users_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/insurances/mdn_integration/CI__USERS/*.json.gz,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
advisor_users_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/production_clean/ADVISOR_USERS/*.json.gz,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
credit_report_details_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/credit_report_details/*.json.gz,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
cookies_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/production_clean/TRACKING_COOKIES_CONTACTS/*.json.gz,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_payment_insurance_levels_mutual_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/insurances/gjensidige/payment_insurance_levels/*.json.gz,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_partners_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/insurances/mdn_integration/CI__PARTNERS/*.json.gz,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_payments_mutual_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/insurances/gjensidige/payments/*.json.gz,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_transactions_mdn_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/insurances/mdn_integration/PO__TRANSACTIONS/*.json.gz,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
credit_reports_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/production_clean/CREDIT_REPORTS/*.json.gz,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_policies_mdn_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/insurances/mdn_integration/PO__POLICIES/*,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
payment_insurances_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/insurances/gjensidige/payment_insurances/*.gz,0, CSV, þ 
subscriptions_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/subscriptions/*,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_users_mdn_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/insurances/mdn_integration/CI__USERS/*.json.gz,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_payment_insurance_logs_mutual_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/insurances/gjensidige/payment_insurance_logs/*.json.gz,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
insurance_policy_types_mdn_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/insurances/mdn_integration/PO__POLICY_TYPES/*.json.gz,0, NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON, None 
invoice_items_adhis_r,gs://sambla-group-advisa-history-integration-legacy/insurances/gjensidige/invoice_items/*.gz,0, CSV, þ 
